README.md, before:

# CodeIgniter-for-PHP_CodeSniffer

Provides sniffs for [PHP_CodeSniffer 1.3.0 and above](http://www.squizlabs.com/php-codesniffer) to check [CodeIgniter coding standard](http://www.codeigniter.com/user_guide/general/styleguide.html).

## A bit of story

### PHP_CodeSniffer

[PHP_CodeSniffer](http://www.squizlabs.com/php-codesniffer) is a PHP5 script that tokenises and "sniffs" PHP, JavaScript and CSS files to detect violations of a defined coding standard.

It is an essential development tool that ensures your code remains clean and consistent. It can also help prevent some common semantic errors made by developers.

By default sniffs for a few coding convetions are provided like PEAR, Zend, PHPCS and Squiz. **CodeIgniter-for-PHP_CodeSniffer** is aimed at adding support for CodeIgniter coding convention.

### CodeIgniter coding standard

[CodeIgniter](http://codeigniter.com/) is a powerful PHP framework with a very small footprint, built for PHP coders who need a simple and elegant toolkit to create full-featured web applications.

CodeIgniter is developed by EllisLab. The compagny follows some specific [coding rules](http://www.codeigniter.com/user_guide/general/styleguide.html) for their developments and for CodeIgniter especially.

Based on PHP_CodeSniffer **CodeIgniter-for-PHP_CodeSniffer** helps to validate most of the rules in CodeIgniter coding standard.

## Installation

There is an [Apache Ant](http://ant.apache.org/) script at the root of the repository. It targets standard Linux environment like Ubuntu with PHP_CodeSniffer 1.3.0 or above installed via PEAR. It requires PHP (in its 5th version).

Just go to the root of the project and type `ant` to set up **CodeIgniter-for-PHP_CodeSniffer**. 
If you have CodeSniffer installed in another directory than "/usr/share/php/PHP/CodeSniffer/" than you can pass the right directory
as argument to ant. Just type `ant -Dphpcs.dir="/path/to/CodeSniffer/"`.

Check that it is installed type `phpcs -i` you should see a list of installed standards.

Then you can go to you project folder and run `phpcs --standard=CodeIgniter my-file-or-my-directory.php`.

If you work on a Windows platform or for any reason, it is easy to edit the installation script. You just need to change the property `phpcs.dir` in `build.xml` to point toward the directory containing PHP_CodeSniffer.

Commit message:

Fixes and edits to links in README  from https://github.com/nfreear/CodeIgniter-for-PHP_CodeSniffer/commit/efdf46e57bd4e35e3090ad92000cbba919ba0568

README.md, after:

# CodeIgniter-for-PHP_CodeSniffer

Provides sniffs for [PHP_CodeSniffer 1.3.0 and above][PHP_CodeSniffer] to
check [CodeIgniter coding standard][styleguide].

## A bit of story

### PHP_CodeSniffer

[PHP_CodeSniffer][] is a PHP5 script that tokenises and "sniffs" PHP,
JavaScript and CSS files to detect violations of a defined coding standard.

It is an essential development tool that ensures your code remains clean and consistent.
It can also help prevent some common semantic errors made by developers.

By default sniffs for a few coding convetions are provided like PEAR, Zend, PHPCS and Squiz.
**CodeIgniter-for-PHP_CodeSniffer** is aimed at adding support for CodeIgniter coding convention.

### CodeIgniter coding standard

[CodeIgniter][] is a powerful PHP framework with a very small footprint,
built for PHP coders who need a simple and elegant toolkit to create full-featured web applications.

CodeIgniter is developed by EllisLab. The company follows some specific
[coding rules][styleguide] for their developments and for CodeIgniter especially.

Based on PHP_CodeSniffer **CodeIgniter-for-PHP_CodeSniffer** helps to
validate most of the rules in CodeIgniter coding standard.

## Installation

There is an [Apache Ant][] script at the root of the repository.
It targets standard Linux environment like Ubuntu with PHP_CodeSniffer 1.3.0
or above installed via PEAR. It requires PHP (in its 5th version).

Just go to the root of the project and type `ant` to set up **CodeIgniter-for-PHP_CodeSniffer**.
If you have CodeSniffer installed in another directory than
`/usr/share/php/PHP/CodeSniffer/` than you can pass the right directory
as argument to ant. Just type `ant -Dphpcs.dir="/path/to/CodeSniffer/"`.

Check that it is installed type `phpcs -i` you should see a list of installed standards.

Then you can go to you project folder and run `phpcs --standard=CodeIgniter my-file-or-my-directory.php`.

If you work on a Windows platform or for any reason, it is easy to edit the installation script.
You just need to change the property `phpcs.dir` in `build.xml` to point
toward the directory containing PHP_CodeSniffer.


[PHP_CodeSniffer]: https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer
[codesniffer-www]: http://www.squizlabs.com/php-codesniffer
[CodeIgniter]: https://codeigniter.com/
[styleguide]: https://codeigniter.com/userguide3/general/styleguide.html
[Apache Ant]: http://ant.apache.org/
